[Music]
welcome to story flicks
in this video we will explain the doll
with attitude this short movie tells the
story of a girl who is always
multiplying people with a fake smile on
her face
one day she turns into a doll with the
same grin permanently frozen in place
can a person live with a fake smile on
their face let's find out in the doll
with attitude
the doll with attitude begins when a
girl named arie is at a cafe with her
friends
harry wondered why her friends didn't
notice the oddity in her appearance
she then asked her friends if there was
anything that looked different from her
face her friends replied that there was
nothing strange about her her face looks
the same as usual not satisfied with
that answer arie asked again about her
smile
according to arie her smile was strange
but her friends don't think so
erie's smile is the same as usual
after that her friends talked about
other things and ignored her
arie was again wondering why no one
noticed the strangeness on her face they
didn't even notice that her face had
become hard as a rock and had already
resembled the doll with a big smile
a flash of the past showed when arie was
still in elementary school her friend
accidentally broke her favorite fish
aquarium at the time which caused her
favorite fish to die her friend then
apologized for his careless attitude
arie was very sad that her beloved pet
died but she said that it was no big
deal with a big smile but who would have
thought that behind her smile she was
devastated because her favorite fish had
died
since that incident arie thinks that
smiling can solve the problems in her
life
for years she just smiled and kept
smiling ignoring all the pain and
sadness she was feeling
everyone thought arie was a kind
friendly and forgiving girl
but arie didn't think that this would
actually make her face turn into a doll
that always smiles widely
however not a single person noticed the
change in her face
one day aries approached by a man
claiming to be a record producer
the man was fascinated by her face that
always smiled widely which he thought
could lift positive vibes
arie was then offered to become a pop
idol and contracted to be an advertising
model airy confused because she had
suddenly received an unexpected offer
finally accepted the producer's offer
arie also underwent several photo shoots
her doll face and big smile were
plastered everywhere because arie was
about to make her debut as an idol
harry's debut song smile became a hit
and her popularity skyrocketed
everywhere
her hairstyle has become a trend that
many people follow even pharmaceutical
companies compete to make tools that
people can use to have a big smile that
resembles aries unique smile arie really
didn't expect her debut to be successful
and now she's become an idol for
teenagers just because of her doll-like
face with a big smile
after some time arie who is now very
busy being an idol and hardly has time
to hang out with her friends finally
decided to invite her friends to meet
but arie did not dare to approach her
friends because the girls had not seen
and chatted with her for a long time
arie then chose a seat that was slightly
hidden from the seats of her friends
there she sends a text message asking
her friends to hang out but her friends
say that they are busy working now even
though arie knew exactly that it wasn't
true
they were at the cafe and talking about
arie they ignored arie because she
wasn't special in their eyes according
to them arie could only smile and agree
with everything they said arie heard
this and became very sad she hoped her
friends would not have the same fate as
her who turned into a doll
arriving at the house arie tried to
remove the doll mask covering her real
face
she wanted to show everyone that the big
smile was a fake one airy made various
attempts to remove the mask from her
face but all was in vain because the
mask seemed to have stuck to her face
deep regret enveloped arie if she knew
it would be like that she would never
hold back her sadness and express all
her feelings but it seems it's too late
arie then gets a call from her producer
who tells her that she has the
opportunity to go on a national tour
however arie didn't feel happy about the
opportunity at all she sat down and
thought it was all in vain
the day came when arie held a concert
during a national tour when she was
walking down the corridor with her
producer suddenly she saw the appearance
of her beloved dead fish
the fish called to her arie then asked
permission for a bit and said she would
hurry on stage once she was done with
her business
harry then approached the fish that was
floating in the air she apologized
profusely to the fish because she chose
to smile at the incident instead of
crying over the death of her beloved
fish
the fish immediately forgave airy it
knew how much arya loved it and was
devastated by its death behind her wide
smile
arie then asked the fish if she could be
her true self
as she walked away the fish replied that
arie could be whatever she wanted to if
she dared to do so getting advice from
the fish arie felt confident again
she has made up her mind to destroy all
falsehood within herself and become her
true self
arriving on the stage the audience was
confused because arie was silent
standing still
then suddenly the audience screamed
hysterically because arie was banging
the mic on her face trying to destroy
the doll mask that had been covering her
real face all this time however arie was
very surprised because there was nothing
behind the doll's mask arie then told
her fans to stop imitating her and to be
themselves not to lose their identity
the staff immediately took airy
backstage
two months after the incident aery now
has a very different gothic style and is
wearing a trendy mask her fake smile has
disappeared her new appearance makes
people like her more because they think
arie is unique and dares to show another
side of herself her true identity the
producers also welcomed aries change
because it had a good impact on the
company now arie is getting ready to
launch her new single entitled rage and
the film ends here
this short movie tells us to always try
to be honest with our feelings never
ignore the pain we feel and to try to
ask for help from people we trust no
matter how small our role is in this
world keep in mind that the universe
will not work as it should without our
existence in this world
[Music]
you